I did it all for you.
But Dad, Damien, what are they doing?
Your father is asking my son for money again.
This isn't the first time I ever look at Asha.
I need to talk to Damien about this.
About what exactly?
Haven't you and your father done enough?
How long are you going to keep dragging him down like this?
Ah, this is an internship offer from the best airline in Switzerland that he declined.
He gave up a promising career because of you.
But also if you kept from me, what does it matter anymore?
You love him, let him go.
What you said was really harsh.
Is this really even worth it?
Thank you for your help, Taylor.
But I just want to be a mom.
I'm scared.